README.md, before:

# SMART Charge - Production Deployment Guide

This guide provides the exact commands needed to host the OCPP Central System and Dashboard on a standard Ubuntu Linux server.

## 🏗️ 1. Initial Server Setup
Upload the `setup.sh` script to your server and run:
```bash
chmod +x setup.sh
sudo ./setup.sh
```

## 🗄️ 2. Database Initialization
Once InfluxDB is installed, run the setup wizard to generate your token:
```bash
influx setup \
  --org smartcharge \
  --bucket smartcharge_bucket \
  --username admin \
  --password YOUR_SECURE_PASSWORD \
  --token YOUR_PERMANENT_TOKEN \
  --force
```

## 🌐 3. Nginx Reverse Proxy (Critical for OCPP)
Create a new site configuration:
`sudo nano /etc/nginx/sites-available/smartcharge`

Paste the following configuration (replace `your-domain.com` with your IP or Domain):
```nginx
server {
    listen 80;
    server_name your-domain.com;

    # Frontend Dashboard & API
    location / {
        proxy_pass http://localhost:3000;
        proxy_http_version 1.1;
        proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;
        proxy_set_header Connection 'upgrade';
        proxy_set_header Host $host;
        proxy_cache_bypass $http_upgrade;
    }

    # API Routes
    location /api/ {
        proxy_pass http://localhost:3000/api/;
    }

    # OCPP 1.6J WebSocket (Chargers connect to ws://your-domain.com/ocpp)
    location /ocpp {
        proxy_pass http://localhost:9000;
        proxy_http_version 1.1;
        proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;
        proxy_set_header Connection "upgrade";
        proxy_set_header Host $host;
        proxy_read_timeout 3600s;
        proxy_send_timeout 3600s;
    }
}
```
Enable the site:
```bash
sudo ln -s /etc/nginx/sites-available/smartcharge /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/
sudo nginx -t
sudo systemctl restart nginx
```

## 🔒 4. SSL / HTTPS (Recommended)
Use Certbot to secure your dashboard and provide `wss://` for chargers:
```bash
sudo apt install certbot python3-certbot-nginx -y
sudo certbot --nginx -d your-domain.com
```

## ⚙️ 5. Environment Configuration
Create a `.env` file in the root of the project:
```env
PORT=3000
OCPP_PORT=9000
INFLUX_URL=http://localhost:8086
INFLUX_TOKEN=PASTE_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE
INFLUX_ORG=smartcharge
INFLUX_BUCKET=smartcharge_bucket
API_KEY=YOUR_GEMINI_API_KEY
```

## 🚀 6. Launch Application
```bash
npm install
npm run build
pm2 start server.js --name "smart-charge"
pm2 save
pm2 startup
```

## 📊 7. Grafana Data Source
1. Login to Grafana at `http://YOUR_IP:3000` (Default: admin/admin).
2. Go to **Connections > Data Sources > Add data source**.
3. Select **InfluxDB**.
4. Query Language: **Flux**.
5. URL: `http://localhost:8086`.
6. Organization: `smartcharge`.
7. Token: `YOUR_TOKEN`.
8. Default Bucket: `smartcharge_bucket`.

---
**Note:** Ensure your hardware chargers point to `ws://YOUR_SERVER_IP/ocpp/[ChargerID]` or `wss://your-domain.com/ocpp/[ChargerID]`.

Commit message:

feat: Upgrade to InfluxDB v2
Updates the application to use InfluxDB v2 for data storage and querying. This includes adjusting server configuration, database connection details, and relevant documentation. The README has been updated to reflect the InfluxDB v2 setup process.

README.md, after:

# SMART Charge - Production Deployment Guide (InfluxDB v2)

This guide provides the exact commands needed to host the OCPP Central System and Dashboard on a standard Ubuntu Linux server using InfluxDB v2 OSS.

## 🏗️ 1. Initial Server Setup
Upload the `setup.sh` script to your server and run:
```bash
chmod +x setup.sh
sudo ./setup.sh
```

## 🗄️ 2. Database Initialization (v2 Standard)
Once InfluxDB is installed, run the setup wizard to generate your token:
```bash
influx setup \
  --org smartcharge \
  --bucket smartcharge_bucket \
  --username admin \
  --password YOUR_SECURE_PASSWORD \
  --token YOUR_PERMANENT_TOKEN \
  --force
```
*Note: Save your token; you will need it for the `.env` file.*

## 🌐 3. Nginx Reverse Proxy (Critical for OCPP)
Create a new site configuration:
`sudo nano /etc/nginx/sites-available/smartcharge`

Paste the following configuration:
```nginx
server {
    listen 80;
    server_name your-domain.com;

    location / {
        proxy_pass http://localhost:3000;
        proxy_http_version 1.1;
        proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;
        proxy_set_header Connection 'upgrade';
        proxy_set_header Host $host;
        proxy_cache_bypass $http_upgrade;
    }

    location /ocpp {
        proxy_pass http://localhost:9000;
        proxy_http_version 1.1;
        proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;
        proxy_set_header Connection "upgrade";
        proxy_set_header Host $host;
        proxy_read_timeout 3600s;
        proxy_send_timeout 3600s;
    }
}
```
Enable the site:
```bash
sudo ln -s /etc/nginx/sites-available/smartcharge /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/
sudo nginx -t
sudo systemctl restart nginx
```

## ⚙️ 4. Environment Configuration
Create a `.env` file in the root of the project:
```env
PORT=3000
OCPP_PORT=9000
INFLUX_URL=http://localhost:8086
INFLUX_TOKEN=PASTE_YOUR_GENERATED_V2_TOKEN
INFLUX_ORG=smartcharge
INFLUX_BUCKET=smartcharge_bucket
API_KEY=YOUR_GEMINI_API_KEY
```

## 🚀 5. Launch Application
```bash
npm install
npm run build
pm2 start server.js --name "smart-charge"
pm2 save
pm2 startup
```

## 📊 6. Grafana Data Source
1. Login to Grafana at `http://YOUR_IP:3000` (Default: admin/admin).
2. Go to **Connections > Data Sources > Add data source**.
3. Select **InfluxDB**.
4. Query Language: **Flux**.
5. URL: `http://localhost:8086`.
6. Organization: `smartcharge`.
7. Token: `YOUR_V2_TOKEN`.
8. Default Bucket: `smartcharge_bucket`.

---
**Troubleshooting:** If the backend cannot connect, ensure InfluxDB is running with `sudo systemctl status influxdb`.
